Add auto_tune_policy note (#1869)
oneapi-src/oneDPL: documentation/library_guide/dynamic_selection_api/auto_tune_policy.rst

  * - ``auto_tune_policy(const std::vector<resource_type>& u, uint64_t resample_interval_in_milliseconds = 0);``
    - Overrides the default set of resources. An optional resampling interval can be provided.

.. Note::

>    When initializing the ``auto_tune_policy`` with SYCL queues, constructed with the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   When initializing the ``auto_tune_policy`` with SYCL queues, constructing the queues with the ``sycl::property::queue::enable_profiling`` property allows a more accurate determination of the best-performing device to be made.

```

Reviewer: I'm concerned that "using the timing data" would lead a reader to think that they need to use the timing data in their code.  The timing data is used within the auto_tune_policy.

  * - ``initialize(const std::vector<resource_type>& u, uint64_t resample_interval_in_milliseconds = 0);``
    - Overrides the default set of resources. An optional resampling interval can be provided.

.. Note::

   When initializing the ``auto_tune_policy`` with SYCL queues, constructed with the
   ``sycl::property::queue::enable_profiling property``, using the timing data leads to a more accurate

>    determination of the best-performing device.

Reviewer: The final wording for the note above is copied here.
